I'd love to pull out a Sun bar in the
middle dude the last time I think I had
a proper dance was at my
brother-in-law's wedding I will enjoy it
I'll be not acting but I'm doing what I
like to do which is perform it really is
another world I'm gonna get myself in
the psychological mood for whichever
dance it is it's gonna be life I think
maybe less you might be a little bit
more difficult there are handsome and
it's like they all you know obviously
bring something different I haven't gone
so long I can't remember what it was I
love going out and dancing I go you know
the bars clubs things like that I reckon
my favorite dance I have no idea they'd
all talking about it Mandy's just going
over my head and I'm just yeah whatever
I like Latin be honest I'm much better
talking geek language on computers I
have no idea what people are asking